data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/CommonTestClass.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakFunc.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Assets/Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Main.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sl-SI/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Model/VersionService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/drawable/Icon.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/LayoutAwarePage.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/View.WPF.zip.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win81.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambda.snippet.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambda.snippet.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Fonts/SNAP____.TTF.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win8/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/System.IO.dll.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Default.rd.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2013/MvvmLight.VS2013.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/ICleanup.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Helpers/SerializedSettings.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/MainStyles.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/app.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Page.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Icon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/PageOrientations.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/SecondActivity.ui.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/LayoutAwarePage.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/Android/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.mdb.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl5/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventTest.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/Extensions.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/Resources.resw.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/Installer.wixproj.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Page2Controller.xib.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/CollectionViewController.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLight.5.0.0.0.nupkg.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/DetailViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageWithCallback.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL).snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Info.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vml.SL/Vml.SL.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/OrientationStateControlBehavior.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass7.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/ViewModel/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Key.snk.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLight.3.0.3.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Net.Http.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.sln.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerBroadcastToAllTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightLibs.V4.nuspec.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/NavigationHelper.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL4.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/AppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass7.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Second.axml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/el-GR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/MainViewController.xib.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/BadgeLogo.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Entitlements.plist.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Page2Activity.cs.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.SL.zip.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/clean.bat.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/Assets/License.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/Extensions.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Command/EventToCommand.SL.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventArgsConverter.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35).csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF.zip.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/win8/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Main.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Info.plist.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/hu-HU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.IO.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vml.SL/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/SecondActivity.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7).sln.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/WideLogo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/netcore45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/monotouch/_._.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestBaseClass.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Page2Controller.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/MvvmLight.VS11Package.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/Command/ButtonBaseExtensions.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/IDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Strings/en-US/Resources.resw.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vm.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/packages.config.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/it-IT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL).snk.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71).sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Command/EventToCommand.WPF.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Controls/UITextViewEx.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/_gatherbinaries.bat.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/IExecuteWithObjectAndResult.Win8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Notes.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243.nupkg.d
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.csproj.vspscc.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerCreationDeletionTest.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.vssscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/Logo.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/Silverlight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/MvvmLight.VS11.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/Default@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL3.cs.i
data/V3/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcProperty.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass1.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vm.SL/Vm.SL.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WPSL81/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ProjectForTemplatePhone.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Model/Item.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.csproj.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingDeepPathTest.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP7/View.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl3-wp/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net20/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net20/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcMsg.snippet.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MvvmLightWPF.vstemplate.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Wp7.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Main.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WPF/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/Mvvm.SL.csproj.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerSendToAllTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5).snk.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-60@3x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/GalaSoft.Samples.RaiseCanExecuteChanged.csproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestContains.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/StoreLogo.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerRegisterWhileSendingTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL).sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monotouch/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClassWithResult.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Mvvm.Droid.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vm.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.XML.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Helpers/ShutdownService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/UserControlBase.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Web.config.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/Empty.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL4.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/monoandroid/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monoandroid/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/DialogService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/StringEventArgs.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodCanExecute.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionNestedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/External/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/BindableBase.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Page2Controller.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/App_Data/flowers.bak.json.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/MvvmLight.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/ModuleIds.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/StandardStyles.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingTargetControlTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerTestConstrainingMessages.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModel/TestClassWithNotifyPropertyChanged.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.SL/View.SL.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/PublicTestClassWithResult.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakActionTest.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayCanExecuteGeneric.snippet.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/app.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/layout/Page2.axml.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestAutoCreation.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Views/ControllerBase.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLight.3.1.1.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLight.3.1.1.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/Square71x71Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/Snippets/Snippets.sln.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP7/Vm.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Helpers/ObservableCollectionViewSource.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/content/sl4-windowsphone71/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGeneric.snippet.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/Product.wxs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Assets/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/NET35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/ObservableObject.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModelLocator.Win8/MvvmViewModelLocator.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP7.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/README_FIRST.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/bg-BG/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/UserControlBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/icons/sdwebimage_512x512.png.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/icons/sdwebimage_512x512.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmView.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/Extensions.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/External/ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/App.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP71).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.SL5.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/System.IO.xml.i
data/Templates/MvvmLight.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Model/VersionService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/Messenger.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/MasterViewController.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGeneric.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/ICleanup.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Window1.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/Installer/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/TemporaryClass.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventToCommandEventArgsTest.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Key.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1.nupkg.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/MainActivity.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLight.5.0.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmViewModel.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.SL.zip.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/.hgignore.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35).csproj.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/vi-VN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestPropertyDescriptor.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net45+win8+wp8+wpa81/_._.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/hi-IN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sv-SE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81)/Views/DialogService.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/icons/sdwebimage_512x512.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/icons/sdwebimage_512x512.png.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/View.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageWithCallback.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.csproj.vspscc.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/BindingGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/vi-VN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer.wixproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.AndroidSupport/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerImplicitTest.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObject.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.snk.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Mvvm.Droid.csproj.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmView.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.vssscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4).csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Background.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/BlueGem.jpg.i
data/Installer/Installer.sln.i
data/ItemTemplates/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/DetailsPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/_._.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/Colors.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Main.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/DialogMessage.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/DialogMessageTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/External/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure.exe.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/SecondActivity.ui.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestBaseClass.cs.i
data/Installer/Installer/Product.wxs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/hu-HU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestChildClass.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WP8.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81).csproj.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/CommonServiceLocator.1.3.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/drawable/Icon.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerSendToAllTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/ProjectForTemplates.Win81.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms.sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN8).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/MasterViewController.xib.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestStoreLogo.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/VSPackage.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WPF/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Net.Http.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestUnregistration.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/Resources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/BuildScriptCache/.version.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Cancel.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/zh-CN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Main.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/wpa81/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewSL/MvvmView.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net40/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmViewModel.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.IO.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/README_FIRST.txt.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/ItemTemplates (SL).csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/SplashScreen.scale-200.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/packages.config.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.0.nupkg.d
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/GalaSoft.Samples.RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.0.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7).csproj.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL).csproj.i
data/V3/Installer/License.rtf.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sk-SK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ko-KR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Command/RelayCommand.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/View.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerOverrideDefaultTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WP8.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/packages.config.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fi-FI/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/ViewModel/FlowerViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.IO.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Page.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/NotificationMessageTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/MasterViewController.designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Stubs/TestCustomTypeDescriptor.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/NotificationMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/Mvvm.Win81.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/ObservableTable/ObservableTableViewSourceTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestSplashScreen.png.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestSmallLogo.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/RelayCommandTest.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/fr-FR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldTestCommandHost.cs.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/th-TH/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/INotifyPropertyChanging.cs.i
data/Templates/MvvmLight.WPF4.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample.csproj.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Helpers/SettingsFileHandler.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/he-IL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestSmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmdroidelement.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/SquareTile71x71.png.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Page3Controller.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Layout/GridLayout.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkitSetup.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Mvvm.iPhone.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/cs-CZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Select.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).snk.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/layout/Page3.axml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/SquareTile150x150.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Flowers.Web.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/portable-net45+win8+wp8+wpa81/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/PageBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestSingleInstance.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WPF/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/MainViewController1.designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelay.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/PublicTestClassGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/View.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.zip.d
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/WordIndex/.version.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLight.3.0.3.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/LayoutAwarePage.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win8.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Resources/Values/Strings.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/ProgramsAndFeatures.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass2.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/.docstates.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pri.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelSL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4/System.IO.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Installer/Installer/.docstates.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/gatherbinaries.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/be-BY/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/IMessenger.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.snk.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/External/WPF/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/MvvmLight.VS11Package.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/Command/EventToCommand.SL.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/TagPrefixes/.crc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/DetailViewController.xib.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/README_FIRST.txt.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm/MvvmLight.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Page2.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Key.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/SecondViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SampleViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP7/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/README_FIRST.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/License.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Main.axml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Binaries/Silverlight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/AddCommentPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35).snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Assets/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/AddCommentPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/Content/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.pp.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Assets/SmallLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/CommonServiceLocator.1.3.nupkg.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Command/EventToCommand.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.Win81_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/netcore45/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS).csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/GalaSoft.Samples.RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Helpers/IExecuteWithObject.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/nl-NL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/AddCommentViewController.ui.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/NotifyPropertyChanged.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/License.rtf.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vml.WPF/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL4.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/DetailsViewController.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Helpers/NavigationService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Stubs/Class1.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/StandardStyles.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Ioc/SimpleIoc.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelSL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Command/RelayCommandGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/MvvmLight.SL4.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Command/RelayCommandGeneric.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL.zip.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass4.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.mdb.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/CommonServiceLocator.1.3.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageBase.cs.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/Installer.wixproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorSL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.targets.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/MvvmLight.V3.nuspec.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Main.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/External/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Assets/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Info.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestCreationTime.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Ioc/PreferredConstructor.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/IDataService.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets.V3/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8.zip.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessage.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/BooleanToVisibilityConverter.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5).csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/TodoCache/.crc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventImplicitTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.d
data/Templates/MvvmViewModel.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/clean.bat.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Strings.xml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android).csproj.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/ViewModel/Brushes.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Command/EventToCommandVS10.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.SL.zip.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/SmallLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/Resources/Values/Strings.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWPF/MvvmView.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Toolkit.Content/appbar.feature.email.rest.png.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win8/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakFunc.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/ModifyRegistryKey.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monoandroid/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Command/RelayCommand.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-Small-40.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/License.rtf.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET45).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerTestConstrainingMessages.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Helpers/ICommitException.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Wide310x150Logo.scale-200.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.targets.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/TestCase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestViewModelForPropertyChanged.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/MainActivity.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28.nupkg.d
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28.nupkg.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Info.plist.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessage.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP7/Vml.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Assets/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP8).sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monotouch/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/BAK/Info.plist.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ObservableObjectTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakFuncGenericNestedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/Square71x71Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/AppManifest.xml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventNoArgumentTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/GenericMessage.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/License-Stable.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/View.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass4.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakFuncGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-72.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/NewStructure/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/CommonServiceLocator.1.3.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/Mvvm.Win81.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/de-DE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Icon-Small.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets.V3/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/portable-net40+sl5+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/Icon-Small-40@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET45)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestStoreLogo.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/Resources/.version.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/DetailsActivity.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/AddCommentPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/CollectionViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/StBernardLily.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/Mvvm.WPF35.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.5.0.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Skins/Icons.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/Mvvm/MvvmViewModelLocator.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Android/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.mdb.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/IDataService.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Links/Get Started.url.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vml.WPF.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/DetailsPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/az-Latn-AZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.21/build/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.targets.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Ioc/ISimpleIoc.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4.zip.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/clean.bat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8).csproj.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/Default.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/UniversalView.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/View.WPF.zip.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/layout/Main.axml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/NewStructure/External/SL4/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Main.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/SquareTile150x150.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/StandardStyles.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Mvvm.iPhone.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Assets/SplashScreen.scale-240.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/Mvvm.WPF451.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.0/lib/SL30/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/pt-PT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Helpers/BindingListener.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/Logo.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SampleViewController.xib.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Helpers/Settings.SL.cs.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/Product.wxs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/ProjectModel/ProjectModel.dat.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Icon-Small-40@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net45.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net451+win81+wpa81/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Command/EventToCommand.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4.zip.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Views/IDialogService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/Logo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5).sln.i
data/Installer/Standard/clean.bat.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayCanExecute.snippet.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/OldMessenger.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/Main.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (VS2013).sln.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncTest.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP7.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerBroadcastToTypeTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.csproj.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/DetailViewController.xib.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.mdb.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/DetailsViewController.ui.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/app.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/Default.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/Resources/.crc.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/UiElementFake.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/PageBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/startmenu1.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Wp71.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethod.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestSmallLogo.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Ioc/ISimpleIoc.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightPreview.4.0.0.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightPreview.4.0.0.nupkg.d
data/NewStructure/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerImplicitTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.WP7.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/Mvvm.SL4.csproj.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm/MvvmViewModelLocator.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.FxCop.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/monotouch/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/packages.config.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Command/EventToCommand.WPF.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/InternalTestClassGenericWithResult.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Info.plist.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81.zip.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/PropertyChangedEventManager.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Main.axml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default-Portrait.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/SecondViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/Mvvm.WP81.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-Small-40@2x.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).csproj.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Log/Logger.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net45/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2013/MvvmLight.VS12.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/es-MX/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/ReadMe.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Silverlight/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/NamedArguments/4/dfe64e9.dat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Main.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/SplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Converters/UniversalConverter.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.FxCop.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/AppManifest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClass.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Strings.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/TraceAndTestImpact.testsettings.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/VSPackage.resx.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/wpa81/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Helpers/PropertyChangingEventArgs.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/ButtonStyles.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vm.WPF/Vm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/layout/AddComment.axml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/License.md.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Threading/DispatcherHelperTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/StringEventArgs.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS12/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModel.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/sv-SE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81.sln.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/App.config.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.zip.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.zip.d
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGeneric.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Fonts/SNAP____.TTF.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/repositories.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Web.Debug.config.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/LayoutAwarePage.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGeneric.snippet.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.XML.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Logo.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Threading/TestDispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/SecondActivity.ui.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets.V3/mvvmInpcProperty.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerOverrideDefaultTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/ItemTemplates/clean.bat.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion.snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/packages.config.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/WideLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81).csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Info.plist.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorSL/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/IMessenger.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/WideLogo.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSet.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/Mvvm.WP81.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObject.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Main.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/layout/CommentsListHeaderView.axml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/NotificationMessageFunc.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/Details.md.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android).sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmView.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass7.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WPF/View.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/BadgeLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/SecondViewController.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Design/flowericon.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestSplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/PropertyChangedEventManager.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/MvvmLight.VS10.csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.23.3.0/lib/MonoAndroid403/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.23.3.0/lib/MonoAndroid403/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.d
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Helpers/PropertyChangingEventHandler.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7.zip.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/CommonTestClass.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80).csproj.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/External/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/Standard/ModifyRegistryKey/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/ITestMessage.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageAction.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestMultipleInstances.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/et-EE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.mdb.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/Views/DialogService.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WIN8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45).csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/portable-net45+wp80+win8+wpa81+aspnetcore50/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/clean.bat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/App.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/V3/Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/ModifyRegistryKey.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClassGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl3-wp/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.1.nupkg.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.1.nupkg.d
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/Assets/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/ViewModelBaseTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Helpers/DialogService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296.nupkg.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/ProjectFile.csproj.wpf.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296.nupkg.d
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4).csproj.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/BindingWithEventTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModelBaseTest.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/ObservableAdapter.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/portable-net451+win81+wpa81/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.Win8.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/External/Silverlight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Assets/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP8).csproj.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/IDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpcLambda.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/ProjectForTemplates.WP7.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/hi-IN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vml.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/DetailViewController.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Delete.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/TemporaryClass.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/Mvvm.Win81.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight1.vsmdi.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/AddCommentViewController.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion.snk.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageTest.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/PropertyChangedEventManager.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/Assets/MvvmLightVbSnippets.pkgdef.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/portable-net40+sl5+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/.docstates.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerNonDefaultEventTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81).csproj.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/wpa81/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ja-JP/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.19.0.2/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.19.0.2.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.19.0.2/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.19.0.2.nupkg.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP7/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClassWithResult.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71).csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/Snippets.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/packages.config.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmViewModel.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ro-RO/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL3.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClassGenericWithResult.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/CommonServiceLocator.1.3.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/WeakAction.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModel/ViewModelStub.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Main.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Cancel.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/Silverlight/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP8)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP8.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Flowers.Forms.Android.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModel.Win8.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/SmallLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionGenericTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/ShowCommentsPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net40/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net40/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Documents/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fr-FR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3).sln.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android).sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Background.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.csproj.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81.zip.i
data/NewStructure/External/Android/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.mdb.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClassForCreationTime.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WPF/Vml.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelay.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/packages.config.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win81.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/TagPrefixes/.version.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorSL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/DataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/ModifyRegistryKey/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Helpers/ObservableTableViewSource.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/en-GB/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Properties/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/kk-KZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/MvvmView.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/External/Silverlight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/da-DK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Views/DialogService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Logo.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/Commands.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/ShowCommentsPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/BooleanNegationConverter.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightLibs.V5.nuspec.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/fr-FR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP7/View.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pri.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/DetailViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/Program.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/Default@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/RelayCommandGenericTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Resources/drawable-hdpi/icon.png.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.snk.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/VSPackage.resx.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/es-ES/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP8/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL).snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-Small.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/iOS/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldTestMessage.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP71.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45).snk.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Command/RelayCommandGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterWhileSendingTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestCreationTime.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/BindingMode.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageWithCallback.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/DetailViewController.xib.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL4.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmView.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/portable-net40+sl5+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/portable-net40+sl5+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerSendToAllTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/SplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Entitlements.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWpfExpress/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessage.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/BindingToThisInpcTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Helpers/SettingsFileHandler.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/nb-NO/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android).sln.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/Mvvm.Win8.zip.d
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/Mvvm.Win8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.AndroidSupport/packages.config.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ja-JP/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/ProjectForTemplates.SL.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/MvvmLight.VS10Package.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorSL/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/MainActivity.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/NotificationMessageTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/DetailsViewController.cs.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/TodoCache/4/562edec5.dat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterUnregisterTest.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncGenericNestedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcMsg.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventArgsConverter.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerSendWithTokenTest.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/ImageLoaderElement.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.2/CommonServiceLocator.1.2.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.userprefs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWP7/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/Assets/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/Logo.png.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/App.xaml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Helpers/Installer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/clean.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/FlowersService.ashx.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/nl-NL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.vdproj.vspscc.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/Messenger.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambda.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.SL4.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8).sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Mvvm.Droid.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/SmallLogo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Select.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelay.snippet.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/WordIndex/.crc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/PageBase.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSet.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Phone.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default-Portrait.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Main.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/pl-PL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/EventToCommand.SL.csproj.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/LaunchScreen.xib.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Assets/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventToCommandEventArgsTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/packages.config.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL4.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vm.Win8/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/Default.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/SplashScreen.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/LaunchScreen.storyboard.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/View.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/Manifest.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsSlExpressGallery/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/MainPage.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/IDialogService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Icon-Small@2x.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewSL/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Command/IEventArgsConverter.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.1.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.IO.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14.nupkg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.1.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/Mvvm.WPF35.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/NET35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win81/View.Win81.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/AppDelegate.ui.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass6.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/Settings.settings.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObjectAndResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.SL.vstemplate.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Styles/MiscStyles.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/zh-CN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/MvvmViewModel.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN8)/BUILDINSTRUCTIONS.txt.i
data/NewStructure/External/WP8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/repositories.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Resources/Values/Strings.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Main.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.csproj.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL.zip.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71.zip.d
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81.zip.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/SquareTile71x71.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5).snk.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/IDataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win81/Vm.Win81.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestStoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/V3/Snippets/VB/mvvmSLPropA_VB.snippet.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL3.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP7.zip.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/NavigationHelper.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-76.png.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Info.plist.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/lib/ios/SDWebImage.dll.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Model/Flower.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET45).snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/lib/ios/SDWebImage.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/IMessageRecipient.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateControlBehavior.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35.zip.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.4.2.30.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/IDialogService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.4.2.30.0.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/nb-NO/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.0/lib/SL30/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/License.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/TestCase.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP8)/packages.config.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/License.txt.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.SL5.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sr-Latn-CS/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakAction.Win8.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Guids.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl5/System.IO.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/SimpleObject.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/zh-CN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/netcore45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/AppResources.resx.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/MvvmLight.VSWinx11.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/portable-net45+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (iOS)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Ios.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelay.snippet.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-Small@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP8)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP8.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.23.3.0/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.23.3.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/pt-BR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Helpers/Log.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Flowers.iOS.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/Logo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Helpers/ActivityBaseEx.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets.V3/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vm.Win8/Vm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionTest.cs.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Assets/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/MvvmViewModel.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/lv-LV/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetMsg.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterWhileSendingTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-win81+wp81+wpa81/_._.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/AddCommentViewController.ui.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/iOS/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/TwoWayBindingTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/WPSL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Messaging/DialogMessageTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/BAK/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/Icon-Small@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net45/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageGeneric.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Images/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/License.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.csproj.vspscc.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/fi-FI/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/Assets/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Assets/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/External/WPF/WPFToolkit.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/External/WPF/WPFToolkit.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP7/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/NavigationDroid.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.vsmdi.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/win8/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/WPF/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/UITableViewTableSourceController.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/pt-BR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Page3Controller.xib.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/NavigationWinStore.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/TodoCache/.version.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Main_iPhone.storyboard.i
data/V3/Snippets/VB/mvvmSLPropDP_VB.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net45/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Assets/WideLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/MainStoryboard.storyboard.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Net.Http.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerOverrideDefaultTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass5.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/Command/EventToCommand.WPF.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/IDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Helpers/WeakAction.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/portable-net40+sl5+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fr-CA/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/View.Win8/View.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/SmallLogo.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/View.Win8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/wpa81/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWpExpress/MvvmLight.VSWpExpress.csproj.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestIsRegistered.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateMessage.cs.i
data/Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/ModifyRegistryKey.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.FxCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Second.axml.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/View.Win81.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/Views/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/NewStructure/clean.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Helpers/ApplicationExtensions.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/clean.bat.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN8).snk.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45.sln.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Messaging/NotificationMessageAction.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventNonDefaultEventTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WP8.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestUnregistration.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/portable-net45+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/portable-net45+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/ExtensionsAndroid.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/SpanishOyster.jpg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/License.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/he-IL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModel/TestClassWithObservableObject.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ar-SA/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/View.Win8.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.WPF.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ru-RU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass2.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP8/Vml.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/View.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ObservableObjectPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/App_Data/flowers.json.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/StoreLogo.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Command/ButtonBaseExtensions.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP71.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/ExtensionManager2.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakActionGenericTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/ShowCommentsPage.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestMultipleConstructors.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Entitlements.plist.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/BooleanNegationConverter.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/packages.config.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/packages.config.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/ViewModel/SettingsViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/Tools/install.ps1.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClassForCreationTime.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/DialogMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/App.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/id-ID/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmVm.snippet.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL3.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/StoreLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Wp8.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/License.txt.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/MainUserControl.xaml.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Layout/TestCollectionViewCell.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetMsg.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/ViewModel/TestModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerSendWithTokenTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambda.snippet.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.snk.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ar-SA/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/SecondActivity.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/Command/CommandToButtonsMap.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.XML.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2015/MvvmLight.VS2015.csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.IO.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/DetailViewController.designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Skins/Default.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.targets.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncNestedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monoandroid/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Page3Controller.designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Resources/drawable/icon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/SplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/PublicTestClassGenericWithResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vm.SL/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/MvvmLight.VCSx10.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Flowers.Forms.iOS.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net451+win81/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.sln.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessage.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.zip.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71.zip.d
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestSplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Command/RelayCommandGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Add.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/IDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/CustomActions.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/SetCommandTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Helpers/ShutdownAnimationService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/Images/UnitTestStoreLogo.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Messaging/NotificationMessageFunc.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP8/Vml.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (iOS)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Ios.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4).snk.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/DisplayOrientationsHelper.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/WideLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/ICleanup.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/AppManifest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Skins/Brushes.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/packages.config.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/Assets/MvvmLightCSharpSnippets.pkgdef.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.21/License-Stable.rtf.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/Resources/8/2f1abafa.dat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ja-JP/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/ViewModel/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/System.IO.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionGenericTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.vsmdi.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/View.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight1.vsmdi.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win8/Vml.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/bg-BG/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmView.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.FxCop.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterUnregisterTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerBroadcastToAllTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/View.SL/View.SL.vstemplate.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerCreationDeletionTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WPF/Vm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/MessageBase.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/MvvmLightLibs.V3.nuspec.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/tools/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Check.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmViewModel.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/ViewModel/SettingsViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/ITestClass.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/Icon-Small.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/MainActivity.ui.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsSlExpressGallery/MvvmLight.VSSlExpressGallery.csproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Properties/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos.sln.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/MvvmLight.VSWinx11Package.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/WordIndex/6/16e3344d.dat.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmView.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win8/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestClassWithObservableObject.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ru-RU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/WideLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/Mvvm.Wpa81.vstemplate.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Window1.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambda.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/WeakAction.Win8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/TestMessageImpl.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/Mvvm.WPF451.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fil-PH/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample.sln.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/BadgeLogo.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.dll.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageAction.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET45/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.xml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/da-DK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.sln.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ObservableObjectPropertyChangingTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerMultipleInstancesTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionTest.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Source/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SourceNoTests.zip.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/ITestMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageBase.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SampleViewController.designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-Small@3x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/AddCommentViewController.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/.docstates.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/AppResources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Info.plist.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win81.zip.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterUnregisterTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win81/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightLibsPreview.4.0.0.nupkg.d
data/NuGet/MvvmLightLibsPreview.4.0.0.nupkg.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Binaries/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/pt-PT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakAction.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Ioc/ISimpleIoc.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/Program.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3).csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/SplashScreen.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Add.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/NotificationMessageWithCallback.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MvvmLightWPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Documents/License.txt.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/ViewModel/CommandImpl.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/WideLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Resources/Drawable/Icon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Win10Univ_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/Default@2x.png.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/.docstates.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/win8/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Icon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/GettingStarted.md.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/Images/UnitTestLogo.png.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ca-ES/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.csproj.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/IWeakEventListener.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.WP71.csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.Classic.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Command/ButtonBaseExtensions.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/ObservableTable/TestUiTableViewCell.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/DisplayOrientationsHelper.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-Small-40@3x.png.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Descriptions.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Helpers/DialogService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass5.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestSingleInstance.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Entitlements.plist.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Local.testsettings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/Lantana.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingSourceControlTest.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/values/Strings.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Mvvm.Droid.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/lib/ios-unified/SDWebImage.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET45).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/lib/ios-unified/SDWebImage.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net35/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP8/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestMultipleInstances.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestCreationTime.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/en-GB/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35).csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmView.Win8/MvvmView.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestIsRegistered.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/App.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Assets/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/License.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/GalaSoft.Samples.RaiseCanExecuteChanged.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net35/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Threading/DispatcherHelperTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Flowers.Droid.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/Assets/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWinExpress/MvvmLight.VSWinExpress.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332.nupkg.d
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332.nupkg.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/ViewModelStub.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpc.snippet.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Toolkit.Content/appbar.save.rest.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/MasterViewController.xib.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Background.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.dll.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/content/sl4/_._.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Snippets/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/VSPackage.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessage.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWPF/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Command/RelayCommandGenericTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/ITestMessage.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vml.WPF/Vml.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/pt-BR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterWhileSendingTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/ProjectForTemplatePhone.csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.FxCop.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClassGenericWithResult.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/WeakFunc.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL.snk.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/OneTimeBindingTest.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewSL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/zh-TW/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/uk-UA/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/Content/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.pp.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win8.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.XML.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/Mvvm.Wpa81.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Check.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Assets/Square71x71Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Page4Controller.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/IExecuteWithObjectAndResult.Win8.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/Background.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.IO.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Info.plist.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestViewModelNoMagicString.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpc.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/ViewModel/AccountViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass6.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/lib/ios/SDWebImage.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/lib/ios/SDWebImage.dll.d
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/View.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Design/DesignNavigationService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/tools/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.targets.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.mdb.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/App.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/Mvvm.WPF451.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Silverlight/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/icons/sdwebimage_128x128.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/IDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightLibsPreview.4.1.0.nupkg.d
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Helpers/BindingGenericApple.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/Logo.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/SquareTile71x71.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/Content/App.xaml.transform.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/nb-NO/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/RelayCommandTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win8/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/flower_256_magenta.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.vsmdi.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/NotificationMessageFuncTest.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterUnregisterTest.cs.i
data/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpcLambda.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/EventToCommandStub.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/SquareTile150x150.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/ITestClass.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/WPF/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Assets/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/IWeakEventListener.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Silverlight/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.WP7.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerOverrideDefaultTest.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightLibsPreview.4.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vm.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vml.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/AddCommentPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Mvvm.Win10Univ.csproj.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/License.rtf.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/DataItem.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/CallaLily.jpg.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/Command/EventToCommandVS10.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/DialogService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (WIN81)_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP8/View.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vml.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.21.0.3.0/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.21.0.3.0.nupkg.d
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.21.0.3.0/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.21.0.3.0.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/content/portable-net40+win8+sl4+wp71+wpa81/_._.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.d
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Ioc/PreferredConstructor.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Flowers.Forms.Droid.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2.info.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass5.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45).csproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Design/DesignFlowersService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWPF/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/Poppy.jpg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/Oleander.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP8/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingValueChangedFromTargetControlTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Layout/HeaderForCollectionView.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/StandardStyles.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/netcore45/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/WideLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.vssscc.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWP7/MvvmViewModel.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl5/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLight.5.2.0.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sk-SK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45)/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/WeakAction.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmView.Win8.zip.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3).snk.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/Messenger.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/Images/UnitTestSplashScreen.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLightPhone7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP7/Vml.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP8/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/DetailsPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Page3Controller.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionTest.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP7.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/BooleanToVisibilityConverter.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpcSet.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/DialogMessageTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/ObservableObject.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (iOS).sln.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerNoArgumentTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3).sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/MvvmLight.V4.nuspec.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MappingNames.txt.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/V3/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/CommonServiceLocator.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakActionNestedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vml.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/MasterViewController.xib.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/installer1.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.XML.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/Mvvm.SL4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/MainActivity.ui.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Delete.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModelLocator.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Info.plist.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.mdb.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Key.snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.23.3.0/lib/MonoAndroid403/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/en-GB/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/DataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/Mvvm.SL4.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldMessengerTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81).csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/BadgeLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/LayoutAwarePage.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/repositories.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Flowers.Data.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestAutoCreation.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/App.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/MvvmLightLibs.V4.nuspec.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/WPF/WPFToolkit.dll.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/Page.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Stubs/TestPropertyDescriptor.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/OrientationStateMessage.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/app.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71).sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/PageBase.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingValueChangedFromSourceTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5).csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.0.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.0.0.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monotouch/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/lt-LT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sr-Latn-CS/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/packages.config.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmView.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/DataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/View.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/ViewModel/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/packages.config.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/cs-CZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/GalaSoft.Samples.RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL.snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7.zip.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer.sln.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/View.Win81.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Assets/SplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventLostFocusTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/View.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).vsmdi.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/component/GettingStarted.md.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsSlExpress/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLightPhone71.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/WeakFuncGeneric.Win8.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.0/CommonServiceLocator.1.0.nuspec.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Snippets/WPF/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/Commands.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Icon-Small-40@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerCreationDeletionTest.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.WP7.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/app.config.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.vdproj.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/GenericMessage.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.SL.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/Android/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/Info.plist.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsSlExpressGallery/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/ItemTemplates (SL).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/View.Win8/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/LockScreenLogo.scale-200.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4.zip.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.mdb.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/MVVM_BlackText_190x147.png.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/Background.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Main_iPhone.storyboard.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/MvvmLight.VS10Package.cs.i
data/Templates/MvvmLight.WPF.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWpfExpress/MvvmLight.VSWpfExpress.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestIsRegistered.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/index.html.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL).csproj.vspscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Check.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerMultipleInstancesTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambda.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingTargetTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/MainActivity.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net40/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/BuildScriptCache/4/dfe64e9.dat.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Wp71.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/License.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Resources/drawable-xhdpi/icon.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/PropertyChangingEventHandler.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Helpers/ObservableTableViewController.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/SmallLogo.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWpfExpress/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.SL/Vm.SL.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/id-ID/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.19.0.2/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/wpa81/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.19.0.2/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClassGenericWithResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/clean.bat.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/clean.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/MultiLevelBindingTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/SmallLogo.png.i
data/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsSlExpress/MvvmLight.VSSlExpress.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Mvvm.iPhone.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Guids.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/V3/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpcProperty_VB.snippet.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.mdb.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClassWithResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Model/FlowersResult.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/SecondActivity.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Assets/SmallLogo.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Local.testsettings.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).sln.i
data/NewStructure/External/WPA81/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/BindingGenericObsoleteAndroid.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Model/IVersionService.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSet.snippet.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/SplashScreen.scale-240.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcMsg.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerNoArgumentTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win8/View.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/project.json.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Page3Controller.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/hr-HR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Views/ActivityBase.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/AddCommentPage.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL).snk.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/de-DE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/VSPackage.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/wp8/_._.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.XML.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Info.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/StoreLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Select.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/Mvvm.Win81.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/InternalTestClassGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/CommonMallow.jpg.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Images/Logo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/PageOrientations.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Model/Item.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestObservableObject.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/ViewModel/ItemViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Helpers/Settings.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.xml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Command/RelayCommand.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModelLocator.Win8.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerSendWithTokenTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.0/lib/NET35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObjectAndResult.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS12/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.vssscc.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net35/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.snk.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpcSet.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/DisplayOrientationsHelper.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ko-KR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/SplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.V4.nuspec.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerSendWithTokenTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/app.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Background.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ru-RU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/hr-HR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWinExpress/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/Mvvm.WP7.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET45/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/lt-LT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/ViewModel/AccountModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/StorksBill.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ko-KR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/DialogMessage.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.mdb.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/it-IT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/ICleanup.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Main.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/SourceTargetTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net45.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/FormsViewGroup.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/MainViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Background.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/content/netcore45/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.Win8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win8/Vm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Entitlements.plist.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/app.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Controls/ButtonEx.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm/MvvmLight.zip.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmViewModel.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl3-wp/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Main_iPhone.storyboard.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/App.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.XML.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/MainViewController.storyboard.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/DetailViewController.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/da-DK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/StoreLogo.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/License.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObject.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Delete.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4).snk.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.SL4.vstemplate.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/SquareTile71x71.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/EventArgsConverter.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Guids.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7).sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Mvvm.Droid.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/packages.config.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModelBaseTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/View.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/Background.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/TestMessageBase.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/it-IT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp.i
data/NewStructure/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.2/lib/portable-windows8+net40+sl5+windowsphone8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4).csproj.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.SL/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Main.axml.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/WPF/WPFToolkit.dll.d
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/MvvmLight.VS2010.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestMultipleConstructors.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80).csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/StringEventArgs.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ObservableObjectPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/MvvmLightPreview.V4.nuspec.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/iOS/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/packages.config.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Flowers.Forms.iOS.csproj.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWP7/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/readme.html.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Skins/Default.xaml.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClassGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/pl-PL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Stubs/TestPropertyDescriptor.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakFuncGeneric.Win8.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/DialogService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/App.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fa-IR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGeneric.snippet.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.mdb.i
data/NuGet/V5Full/Tools/install.ps1.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWP7/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Messaging/NotificationMessageWithCallback.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/sv-SE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainPage.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Ioc/SimpleIoc.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WP8.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Controls/UIButtonEx.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/WideLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.IO.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Win8)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/TemporaryClass.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Views/INavigationService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Helpers/BindingGenericObsoleteApple.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClassWithMultiConstructors.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/DisplayOrientationsHelper.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingValueChangedFromSourceControlTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingAccountTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ViewModel/ItemViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightPreview.4.1.0.nupkg.d
data/Templates/MvvmLight.SL.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/it-IT/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.d
data/NuGet/MvvmLightPreview.4.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/RelayCommandGenericTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModel/TestViewModelInlinePropertyChanged.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81.zip.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/clean.bat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.AndroidSupport/Helpers/ObservableRecyclerAdapter.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MvvmLightSL4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/.docstates.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakFuncNestedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Silverlight/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl5/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/AddCommentViewController.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2013/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/View.WPF/View.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/Page.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Source/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Source.zip.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerTestConstrainingMessages.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/TestCase.cs.i
data/NuGet/V5Libs/Tools/install.ps1.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/DataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWinExpress/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/WPF/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/layout/Main.axml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7.zip.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/TestMessageBase.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/PrimulaFarinosa.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/External/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/Mvvm.Win81.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Helpers/NavigationService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewSL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243.nupkg.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakAction.Win8.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerCreationDeletionTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/SquareTile71x71.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Guids.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestSplashScreen.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambda.snippet.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/win8/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/flower_256_magenta.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/ViewModel/Commands.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/App.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageFuncTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/DataItem.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/el-GR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/cs-CZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/Assets/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionGenericNestedTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/_gatherbinaries.bat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WPF/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/MasterViewController.designer.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Command/EventToCommandVS10.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Messaging/Messenger.Win8.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/EventToCommandEventArgsTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/sl5/_._.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/SquareTile71x71.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmView.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Info.plist.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLightLibs.3.0.3.nupkg.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Page2Controller.designer.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLightLibs.3.0.3.nupkg.d
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WIN81)_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Views/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/packages.config.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monoandroid/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/ObservableTable/ReuseIdTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/app.config.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClass.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/PropertyChangingEventArgs.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageAction.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.IO.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.Phone.Toolkit.Testing.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/View.WP8.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/DetailsPage.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL5.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass3.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pri.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/DetailsViewController.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.FxCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpc.snippet.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/Resources.resw.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmView.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sq-AL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestMultipleInstances.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Cancel.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vml.Win8/Vml.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageBase.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net45/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Background.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71).csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethod.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/License.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win81/Vml.Win81.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/View.SL.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.Win81_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClassWithMultiConstructors.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/nl-NL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Main.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/Mvvm.SL.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/DetailsViewController.ui.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmView.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/AddCommentActivity.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingValueChangedFromTargetTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerMultipleInstancesTest.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/ViewModel/SelectFolderMessage.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLightLibs.3.1.1.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageFuncTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestUnregistration.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakFuncGeneric.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Resources.resx.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/VersionViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/ImageLoaderElement.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vml.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Flowers.iOSUnified.csproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Threading/DispatcherHelperTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/TraceAndTestImpact.testsettings.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pri.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/Content/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.pp.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/UpdateSourceTriggerMode.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL80).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerBroadcastToAllTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Icon-Small.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ro-RO/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/Logo.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewController.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.WPF.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Command/IEventArgsConverter.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/UiElementFakeEventArgs.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/Binding.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/References/Silverlight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/App.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/MvvmView.WPF.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pri.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/layout/FlowerTemplate.axml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Skins/Icons.xaml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/Assets/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/DialogMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/app.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Info.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Make-Templates.ps1.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.snk.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP8.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Properties/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Model/WebConstants.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/NamedArguments/.version.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/License.rtf.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (iOS)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Ios.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET45).sln.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Page.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL).csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/CommonTestClass.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/CleanShutdown.SL.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Resources/Values/Strings.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/UserControlBase.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/AppDelegate.ui.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.SL4.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/monoandroid/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5).csproj.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLightAndroidSupport.nuspec.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/ViewModelStub.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Views/DialogService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/el-GR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmView.SL.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestLogo.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7.zip.i
data/NewStructure/_gatherbinaries.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/tools/install.ps1.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/pt-BR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.zip.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Silverlight/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.vstemplate.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Skins/Brushes.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Android/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerRegisterUnregisterTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Notes.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.mdb.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/Binding.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncGenericNestedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Snippets/SL/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/InternalTestClass.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL4.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Info.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/Messenger.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net45/_._.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModel.Win8/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Win10_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Icon Purple 100x100.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Key.snk.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wpf/Assets/Icon.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldTestViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/Verbascum.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/be-BY/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/InternalTestClassWithResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl3-wp/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Background.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/gslb.global.css.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP71.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9.nupkg.d
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WPA81/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/BindingToThisTest.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/LocalTestRun.testrunconfig.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/packages.config.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakActionGeneric.Win8.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/cs-CZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Win8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fr-CA/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Main.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win8.zip.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pri.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Key.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets.V3/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Win8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/DetailsActivity.ui.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/MvvmLight.VS2012Package.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/SeeCommentsViewController.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Helpers/IWeakEventListener.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vml.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.WP71.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net35/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.SL4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/DetailViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/repositories.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ms-MY/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/MvvmLight.WP71.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/da-DK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/Mvvm.Win81.vstemplate.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/ViewModel/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/WeakFunc.Win8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.SL4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/zh-CN/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventNoArgumentTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/uk-UA/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/ApplicationIcon.jpg.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ObservableObjectPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/ObservableObject.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/License-Stable.rtf.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Model/Comment.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventToCommandStub.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.2.0.nupkg.d
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Stubs/TestCustomTypeDescriptor.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.2.0.nupkg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/OrientationStateBehavior.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionGenericNestedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/DataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71.zip.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestContains.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/LayoutAwarePage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/DataItem.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net40/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP7.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestLogo.png.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net40/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/IDialogService.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/es-ES/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageBase.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/es-ES/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Snippets/mvvmInpcProperty.snippet.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/Resources.resx.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModelLocator.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.csproj.i
data/NuGet/V5Full/Content/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.pp.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Model/IFlowersService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/External/iOS/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/PageOrientations.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Views/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Page3.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win81.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Resources/drawable-xxhdpi/icon.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8.zip.d
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Entitlements.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionNestedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Delete.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWpExpress/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/Portable.MvvmLightLibs.5.0.1.0.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/GalaSoft.Samples.RaiseCanExecuteChanged.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample.csproj.i
data/Installer/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/SquareTile150x150.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/CustomActions.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/MessageBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.csproj.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.FxCop.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fa-IR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionGeneric.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.Phone.Toolkit.Testing.xml.i
data/NuGet/V5Full/Content/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.pp.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingSourceTest.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SampleViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/WideLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/CommonServiceLocator.1.3.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.AndroidSupport/Helpers/CachingViewHolder.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/SplashScreen.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestBindingTarget.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/MessageBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/View.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ru-RU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/de-DE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.vssscc.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.XML.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/V3/Snippets/VB/mvvmPropDP_VB.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/SecondViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Command/RelayCommand.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelSL/MvvmViewModel.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP8/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/MainActivity.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmViewModel.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Second.axml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81)/Views/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambda.snippet.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/mk-MK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win81/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/TextStyles.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/IDataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Net.Http.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Make-Templates.ps1.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/StandardStyles.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.i
data/NuGet/Scripts/install.ps1.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.mdb.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35.zip.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Info.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/BAK/Flowers.iOS.csproj.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/License.rtf.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.Classic.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Mvvm.iPhone.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.21.0.3.0/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.d
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.csproj.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default-Portrait@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.21.0.3.0/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClass.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/ViewModelBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/Background.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/kk-KZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Guids.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmView.Win8/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerMultipleInstancesTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Messaging/Messenger.Win8.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/wp8/_._.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGeneric.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakFuncGeneric.Win8.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/Mvvm.WPF35.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP8/Vm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/zh-TW/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Model/IVersionService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.pdn.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-60@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Ioc/PreferredConstructor.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Flowers.Wp.csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/BindableBase.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.WP71.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/Resources/Values/Strings.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/IDataService.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/EventToCommand.SL.csproj.vspscc.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).snk.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (VS2012).sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/VSPackage.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethod.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/INavigationService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/ExtensionManager1.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net45.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/MainActivity.ui.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Info.plist.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingTest.cs.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop.sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/Colors.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/packages.config.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcLambdaMsg.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLightSL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/Product.wxs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ProjectForTemplatePhone.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Android/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3.nupkg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.0.1.0.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3.nupkg.d
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Primitives.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/portable-win81+wp81+wpa81/_._.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SampleViewController.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pri.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Settings.settings.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/MvvmLight.VCSx10Package.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/WindowsPhone8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/App.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObject.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/GarbageCollectionTest.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/External/WPF/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net20/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net20/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ko-KR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP7.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/Product.wxs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/ProjectForTemplate.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-76@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Helpers/ImageDownloader.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged.SL/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Resources/Values/Strings.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/RelayCommandTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/Details.md.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45)/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Assets/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/WebsiteFileReferences/.version.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/ProjectForTemplates.WP8.csproj.i
data/V3/Snippets/VB/mvvmPropA_VB.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/LocalTestRun.testrunconfig.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP7.zip.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/lv-LV/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/MainViewController.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2015/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/ObservableObject.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/View.WP8.zip.i
data/Templates/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/MainActivity.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Page.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Add.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Icon-Small@2x.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.info.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Command/EventToCommand.SL.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/Mvvm.SL4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/portable-net40+sl5+wp80+win8+wpa81/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.XML.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Android.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/DetailsPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLightSL5.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/OneWayBindingTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModel.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.pdn.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/SmallLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/Mvvm.WPF35.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/BermudaButtercup.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL).csproj.vspscc.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (iOS).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpc.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/NavigationHelper.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSet.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/ITestClass.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-76@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/StoreLogo.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.pdn.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLight.WPF.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestStoreLogo.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLight.5.0.2.0.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Toolkit.Content/appbar.transport.play.rest.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass4.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Resources/values/Strings.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/Mvvm/MvvmViewModel.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm/MvvmViewModel.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vml.Win8.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5.nupkg.d
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWP7/MvvmView.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MvvmLightSL.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5.nupkg.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/MessageBase.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (NET45)/Command/IEventArgsConverter.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/BindingGenericObsolete.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/External/WPF/WPFToolkit.dll.d
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/External/WPF/WPFToolkit.dll.i
data/Templates/MvvmView.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerBroadcastToAllTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/content/net40/_._.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestAutoCreation.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4.zip.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass3.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.AndroidSupport/Helpers/ExtensionsAndroid2.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/fi-FI/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Properties/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommandDemo/EventToCommand.xap.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/es-MX/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL3/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerSendToTypeTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/WebsiteFileReferences/.crc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP8.zip.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/WPSL/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/MasterViewController.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakActionTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Command/EventToCommand.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/StoreLogo.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2013.sln.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerOverrideDefaultTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/nb-NO/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WPSL81)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/packages.config.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/values/Strings.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Command/RelayCommandGenericTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF45/App.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.IO.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessageBase.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Converters/Dynamic.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/TestMessageBase.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Entitlements.plist.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Helpers/ExtensionsApple.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Source/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Source.zip.d
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2013/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/NotificationMessageTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/tools/Uninstall.ps1.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/View.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Square44x44Logo.scale-200.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/tr-TR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/Resources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Assets/SmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4.csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/MvvmLightPhone7.vstemplate.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/App.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/Product.wxs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sq-AL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/BadgeLogo.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.snk.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ObservableObjectTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/StandardStyles.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/MasterViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/INavigationService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Icon-Small-40@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/NewStructure/External/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8beta.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/App.config.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestViewModelWithBooleanSource.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Main.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ms-MY/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7).csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/VersionViewModel.cs.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/License.txt.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass9.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.dll.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/ICleanup.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/Stubs/TestClass9.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Command/RelayCommandTest.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/ModifyRegistryKey/Program.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.mdb.i
data/NewStructure/External/NET35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sl-SI/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/GalaSoft.ico.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71.zip.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/License.txt.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/et-EE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerLostFocusTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestCustomTypeDescriptor.cs.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelLocatorWPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Icon-Small@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClassForCreationTime.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetMsg.snippet.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/MainStyles.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/packages.config.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncGenericTest.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/MvvmLight.VWDx10Package.cs.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/SeeCommentsViewController.designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/ScarletPimpernel.jpg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGeneric.snippet.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/ViewModel/InstallTypeToCheckedConverter.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerSendToAllTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/IMessenger.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/WeakAction.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Android.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/AppManifest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Assets/StoreLogo.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win81/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass9.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLight.V5.nuspec.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/app.config.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/Installer.wixproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakFuncTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/Manifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16.nupkg.d
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP7).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWIN81)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/th-TH/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186.nupkg.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelSL/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (iOS)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/Settings.settings.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2015.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Info.plist.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Installer/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass6.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Win8/View.Win8.zip.i
data/V3/Installer/clean.bat.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/GlobalSuppressions.cs.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/Silverlight/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/Win8Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/ModifyRegistryKey.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass3.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModel.Win8/MvvmViewModel.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Threading/TestDispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/V3/Installer/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates.vssscc.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/ShowCommentsPage.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35.zip.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/Installer/License.rtf.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/BindingThreadingTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Android).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakFunc.Win8.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/Installer/Installer.wixproj.i
data/Snippets/VB/mvvmInpc.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Page4Controller.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewModelWPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/Icon.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/FeatureDetection.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/SmallLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/MainViewController.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.mdb.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayCanExecute.snippet.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP7/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/BadgeLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/SmallLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fr-FR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcMsg.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (VS2015).sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL5).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.XML.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/RichTextColumns.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/SmallLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WIN8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/CratevaReligiosa.jpg.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestClassWithObservableObject.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/tools/install.ps1.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Page2.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/Square71x71Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SampleViewController.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net45/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethod.snippet.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.0/lib/NET35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/Mvvm.iPhone.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/.hgtags.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP8/Vm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsWpExpress/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/License.rtf.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vm.Win8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/Logo.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Layout/TestTableViewCell.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateControlBehavior.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestBaseClass.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/net40/System.IO.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/iTunesArtwork.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/ImageLoaderElement.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP7/Vm.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/clean.bat.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/az-Latn-AZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/NavigationIos.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/SquareTile150x150.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Resources/drawable/Icon.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmViewModel.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates.csproj.vspscc.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/IMessenger.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/GarbageCollectionTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4/System.IO.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Threading/DispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/GenericMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldExceptionMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/portable-net45+wp80+win8+wpa81+aspnetcore50/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/Guids.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/portable-net45+wp80+win8+wpa81+aspnetcore50/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Controls/UIBarButtonItemEx.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerCreationDeletionTest.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestViewModelNoMagicString.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net35/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Flowers.iOSSbd.csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Win8)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObjectAndResult.Win8.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldTestRecipient.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Assets/AboutAssets.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/TextStyles.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/zh-TW/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/IMessenger.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid.sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.XML.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS12.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Command/RelayCommandGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIoc.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/Icon.png.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/ViewModelBase.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/SetCommandTest.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.WP7.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmViewModel.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessage.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/MvvmLightLibsPreview.V4.nuspec.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/en-GB/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateBehavior.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/net45/_._.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (iOS).sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewController.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/MainActivity.ui.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClassGeneric.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass1.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/flower_256_magenta.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom/app.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Snippets/VB/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty_VB.snippet.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/ProjectForTemplates.WPF.csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL).csproj.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4).csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/SDWebImageSimpleSample-Classic/Main.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Main.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL).csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Helpers/SettingsFileHandler.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/MainViewController.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/ViewModelBase.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/AddCommentActivity.ui.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Entitlements.plist.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/UserControlBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.1.6296/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/Square71x71Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/MvvmView.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vm.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/winrt45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.SL.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WIN81)_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/Page2Controller.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Snippets/SL/mvvmSLPropA.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventImplicitTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerSendToAllTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/Mvvm.Wpa81.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.targets.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL4).csproj.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModel.WP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/SL5/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/FeatureDetection.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.WP71.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Vm.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP8/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/id-ID/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/CommandMessageGeneric.cs.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Snippets/WPF/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/Strings.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestContains.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldTestRecipient2.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/OldInvalidOperationExceptionMessage.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net4.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/Mvvm.WPF4.vstemplate.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/monotouch/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.dll.d
data/V3/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmSLPropDP.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/NotificationMessageAction.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Helpers/PhonePageBase.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF/Mvvm.WPF.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).csproj.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/Mvvm.WP81.csproj.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vm.WPF.zip.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/iOS/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.mdb.i
data/NewStructure/External/NET35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ConverterTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WP81).snk.i
data/Installer/Standard/ModifyRegistryKey/ModifyRegistryKey.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL5).sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/FlowersService.ashx.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Select.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/startmenu3.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/DataItem.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/MessengerSendToTypeTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (iOS)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Ios.csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Messaging/DialogMessageTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/IconicTileMediumLarge.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/BindWeed.jpg.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/DataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/Command/EventToCommand.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Binding/UpdateTriggerTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4).csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/NuGet/MvvmLight.V4.nuspec.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.zip.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.0/CommonServiceLocator.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013SilverlightExpress/Mvvm.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Helpers/WeakFunc.Win8.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/DialogMessage.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/UITableViewTableSourceController.designer.cs.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.XML.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP8/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Properties/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/DetailsViewController.designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Command/CommandToButtonsMap.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/icons/sdwebimage_128x128.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).sln.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pri.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.vssscc.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/DataItem.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Info.plist.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown.SL/CleanShutdown.SL.csproj.vspscc.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Common/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.2.0.0.nupkg.d
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLightLibs.5.2.0.0.nupkg.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/Binding/ObserveEventPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/INavigationService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateControlBehavior.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Page3.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net45/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/ViewModelBase.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardMSI/ModifyRegistryKey/ModifyRegistryKey.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/SymbolCache.bin.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Droid/Resources/layout/Details.axml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.Net35.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL5)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fi-FI/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/Content/App.xaml.transform.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/iOS/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestSingleInstance.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakActionGenericNestedTest.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/StoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/RaiseCanExecuteChanged/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Layout/CircleLayout.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerMultipleInstancesTest.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm/MvvmView.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWP7/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSUnified/Main.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/win8/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/pl-PL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8+wp71+wpa81/System.Runtime.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL5/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL5.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Images/SplashScreen.png.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/packages.config.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Main.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3).csproj.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/MessageBase.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Layout/HeaderForTableView.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmFormsBindableProp.snippet.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLight.5.0.0.1.nupkg.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/SplashScreen.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/fil-PH/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerSendToTypeTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).snk.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.SL3.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/ProjectFile.csproj.sl.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClassWithMultiConstructors.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/gatherbinaries.bat.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL3)/Helpers/BindingListener.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/NamedArguments/.crc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.23.3.0/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.23.3.0.nupkg.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.23.3.0/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.23.3.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/Images/UnitTestSmallLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Square150x150Logo.scale-200.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WPA81/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/iTunesArtwork@2x.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/uz-Latn-UZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+win8/ensureRedirect.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/CommandMessage.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/ModifyRegistryKey/Program.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL.zip.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF.zip.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/iOS/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/Content/MVVMLight.Nuget.Readme.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win8.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SampleViewController.xib.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcSetMsg.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/NavigationHelper.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP8/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateBehavior.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Droid/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/MvvmLight.VS2012.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayGeneric.snippet.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/packages.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.IO.dll.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-76.png.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/sv-SE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Resources/placeholder@2x.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/View.SL.zip.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.SL4.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/MvvmLight.Win81_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/gslb.mvvm.css.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16.nupkg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/Settings.settings.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightPhone7/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Resources/AppResources.Designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Square44x44Logo.targetsize-24_altform-unplated.png.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Nuget/MvvmLight.4.2.30.0.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/es-ES/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIos/packages.config.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/DetailsPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/MainActivity.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestContainsInstance.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/EventToCommandStub.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/app.config.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/WeakFuncGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP8/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Phone.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/External/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/V3/Installer/ModifyRegistryKey/Program.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/Content/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.pp.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/CommandMessageTest.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2010/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Command/EventToCommandTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vml.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/Mvvm.WP7.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF451/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/Helpers/INotifyPropertyChanging.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET35/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/WideLogo.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmLight.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wpa81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.XML.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand.SL/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/FormsViewGroup.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45).csproj.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModelLocator.SL/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/DesignerPlatformLibrary.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4).snk.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModelBaseAndPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/StoreLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Bindings/Assets/ApplicationIcon.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerBroadcastToAllTest.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Resources/Resource.Designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/_ReSharper.ProjectForTemplates/BuildScriptCache/.crc.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessage.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Entitlements.plist.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/hu-HU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Net.Http.Primitives.XML.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/SecondPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL).csproj.vspscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewSL/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestLogo.png.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample/SDWebImageSample/Resources/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/PublicTestClassGenericWithResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/NavigationService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmView.Win8/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWP81)/Assets/Logo.scale-240.png.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/VSPackage.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/ja-JP/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Messaging/NotificationMessageAction.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/tr-TR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/DetailViewController.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/External/Android/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/Mvvm.WP81.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.SL.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ms-MY/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/App.xaml.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/PropertyChangedMessage.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.Win8/Logo.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SampleViewController.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP8.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/IDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationDroid/Page3Activity.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/DataItem.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VSWinx11/Guids.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/Resources.resw.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmViewModelLocatorProperty.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass8.cs.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/DetailViewController.designer.cs.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets.V3/mvvmPropDP.snippet.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012.sln.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Design/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl5/System.Runtime.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/Messaging/Messenger.Win8.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/iOS/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/License.txt.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Model/IDataService.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/Vm.WP7.zip.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/sl4-wp71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/Settings.settings.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/windows81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/V3/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpcProperty.snippet.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (Win8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/VS10/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplateSL/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.vspscc.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Icon-Small.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmView.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Messaging/DialogMessageTest.cs.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.SL/Vml.SL.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net35/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/Model/FlowersService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8+wpa81/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/BeeOrchid.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/Vml.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestSmallLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/component/License.md.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MvvmLight.WP71.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModel.WPF.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/TestUserControl.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/Logo.scale-100.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/DataItem.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/Model/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (WP71).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Cancel.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Model/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/sl5/System.IO.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.iPhone/Main_iPhone.storyboard.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/Android/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/netcore45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/SecondViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/netcore45/Newtonsoft.Json.dll.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET4).sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/NavigationWinStore_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/AboutResources.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/Tiles/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/ProjectForTemplates.Win81_TemporaryKey.pfx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/TestMessageImpl.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/ReadMe.txt.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/License.rtf.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL5/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/Entitlements.plist.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModel/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET35)/Command/EventToCommand.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModelBaseTest.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Custom.Test/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.XML.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Resources/AppResources.resx.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Images/SmallLogo.png.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.snk.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/NavigationIosStoryboard.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/NET4/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/V3/Installer/Installer/MVVM_Original_195x100.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/View.WPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerSendToTypeTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/GarbageCollectionTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)1.vsmdi.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Stubs/TestClass9.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/GenericMessage.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/MvvmLightLibs.3.1.1.nupkg.d
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/AddCommentPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModel/TestViewModelNoMagicString.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).vsmdi.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Make-Templates.ps1.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SampleViewController.xib.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/sl3-wp/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.XML.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/SL4/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.XML.i
data/Samples/Flowers/References/WPSL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL4)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/BindingGenericAndroid.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Default.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample/Resources/placeholder.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/System.IO.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/License-Stable.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Command/RelayCommand.cs.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmInpc.snippet.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerRegisterWhileSendingTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL/App.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/App.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET4)/packages.config.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Models/MvvmLight.WPF.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/Mvvm.Wpa81.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOSSbd/AddCommentViewController.designer.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmVm.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VsSlExpress/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP7/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Navigation/clean.bat.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS12/MvvmLight.VS12.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/WP80/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WP8.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/Mvvm.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP7)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL3/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClassWithResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/SL4/Microsoft.Silverlight.Testing.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/SplashScreen.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/CommonServiceLocator.1.3/lib/portable-net4+sl5+netcore45+wpa81+wp8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF45/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.Android/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WIN8/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/Assets/WideLogo.png.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/References/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClass.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Win8/Mvvm.Win8.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/IDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71).csproj.i
data/Installer/Installer/License.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/portable-net451+win81/_._.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/ProjectForTemplateSL.csproj.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/portable-net45+win8/System.Net.Http.Extensions.XML.i
data/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmPropA.snippet.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WPF45/Mvvm.WPF45.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.21/build/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.Tasks.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.8/lib/net20/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Templates/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35)/Helpers/IExecuteWithObjectAndResult.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileMedium.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/monoandroid1/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WPSL80/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/NotifyPropertyChangedTest.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP7/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.dll.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/portable-net45+wp8+wpa81+netcore45+monoandroid1+xamarin.ios10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VCSx10/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF45/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/Mvvm.WP71.csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/sl4/_._.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS10/MvvmLight.VS10.csproj.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (Android)/Helpers/Binding.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/AppResources.resx.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET4)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net40/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/MessengerSendWithTokenTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/View.Win8/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/RelayCommandTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Command/RelayCommandGenericTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10+Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/mk-MK/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/RichTextColumns.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/MainPage.xaml.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Newtonsoft.Json.6.0.5/lib/net20/Newtonsoft.Json.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF45/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore.sln.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vml.Win81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform (WIN81).csproj.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0.nupkg.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Libs/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45).csproj.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/License.rtf.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/GenericMessage.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/ProjectForTemplates.SL4.csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Skins/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/Resources.resx.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestStoreLogo.scale-100.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/SL4/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/wpa81/_._.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.CheckVersion/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AndroidTestApp/ViewModel/TestItem.cs.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkit.Setup.Configure/Skins/Default.xaml.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommandDemo/TestPage.html.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/net40/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.XML.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/MainActivity.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageWithCallback.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2015/source.extension.vsixmanifest.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/Resources/Icon@2x.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (Android)/Resources/AboutResources.txt.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/DataItem.cs.i
data/Samples/MvvmLightDragAndDrop/TestFiles/New Text Document.txt.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP7/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP8/DataItem.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/Mvvm.Droid.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/SplashScreenImage.jpg.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWIN81)/Images/UnitTestSplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/hu-HU/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/winrt45/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/Messenger.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWPSL81)/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/Mvvm.iPhone.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.Win81/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP7).csproj.i
data/Installer/Standard/Installer/Installer.wixproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.SL5.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmViewModel.SL/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/VS10/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Settings.StyleCop.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Wp/Assets/SquareTile150x150.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Vm.SL/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/WeakFuncGenericTest.cs.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmView.WP7/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/SecondPage.xaml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/Info.plist.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Win8/Logo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF45/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WindowsExpress/Mvvm.Win81/OrientationStateBehavior.cs.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodGenericCanExecute.snippet.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/startmenu2.png.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/MvvmLightToolkitSetup.vssscc.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/zh-TW/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.0.6186/lib/MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/MvvmLight.SL.csproj.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MvvmLightWPF4.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/uz-Latn-UZ/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/Mvvm.SL4.csproj.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/header.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.21/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.21.nupkg.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/html/header.png.d
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/ViewModelBaseTest.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS11/MvvmLight.VS11.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF4/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (SL)/Helpers/BindingListener.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncNestedTest.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageSample-Classic/SDWebImageSample-Classic/MasterViewController.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL.snk.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.3.4.6332/lib/Xamarin.iOS10/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8beta/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test.Win8/Images/UnitTestSmallLogo.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/Mvvm.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/NewStructure/packages/repositories.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.SL4/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1.2/samples/SDWebImageMTDialogSample-Classic/SDWebImageMTDialogSample/DetailViewController.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Ioc/SimpleIocTestMultipleConstructors.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/Controls/UISwitchEx.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmView.SL/MvvmLight.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Assets/Logo.png.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/ViewModelBase.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Helpers/PublicTestClass.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Messaging/NotificationMessageGeneric.cs.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/clean-with-scc.bat.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Package.appxmanifest.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Messaging/MessengerSendToTypeTest.cs.i
data/V3/NuGet/V3Full/lib/SL3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL4/Mvvm.SL4.vstemplate.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.Droid/DataService.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ItemTemplates/CSharp/MvvmViewWPF/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/IDataService.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Messaging/NotificationMessageActionGeneric.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WinPhoneExpress/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/View.WP8/ViewTemplate.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Droid/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.iPhone/MainViewController.designer.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF/MvvmLightWPF.vstemplate.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (NET45).snk.i
data/Installer/Standard/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4.zip.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/FlipCycleTileLarge.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/Mvvm.SL5.vstemplate.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/Common/SuspensionManager.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WPF/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/net35/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/NuGet/V4Libs/lib/net35/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.i
data/ProjectForTemplate/ProjectForTemplate (SL)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/net45/System.Windows.Interactivity.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win81/PageOrientations.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PNET45).csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL5/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Samples/EventToCommand/EventToCommand/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ms-MY/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/Mvvm.Win10Univ.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/lib/MonoAndroid10/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/AppDelegate.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/WeakFuncGenericTest.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ViewModel/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTesting.Silverlight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WPF/Vm.WPF/ViewModelTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/wp81/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/External/WP71/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.XML.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLightSL4.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.0.1/lib/sl4-wp71/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vml.Win8/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3.nupkg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/images/OrangeCosmos.jpg.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/nl-NL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.20.0.0.3.nupkg.d
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net40/System.Windows.Interactivity.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.iOS/Resources/Icon.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Data/packages.config.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/MainPage.xaml.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WP7/Properties/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPA81/ButtonStyles.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/DesignDataService.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/AppManifest.xml.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP8).csproj.orig.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL4).sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl5+win8+wp8+wpa81/System.Threading.Tasks.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Check.png.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF35/Resources.resx.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/DataService.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/Key.snk.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/MainSkin.xaml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF4/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL3)/App.xaml.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates.sln.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/net45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.Win10Univ/IDataService.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/Stubs/TestClass2.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/content/win8/_._.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras (PCL)/packages.config.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmView.Win8/ViewTemplate.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WPF/DataService.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.SL4/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL/DataItem.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL81)/Assets/StoreLogo.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/ca-ES/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.1.1.9/lib/portable-net40+sl4+win8/System.IO.dll.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.iPhone/SecondViewController.designer.cs.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PWPSL80)/packages.config.i
data/Installer/InstallItems/Snippets/CSharp/mvvmRelayMethodCanExecute.snippet.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ProjectTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmLight.WP71.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Bcl.Build.1.0.14/tools/Install.ps1.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Components/sdwebimage-3.7.1/samples/SDWebImageSimpleSample/SDWebImageSimpleSample.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/el-GR/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/MvvmLightToolkitSetup/Resources/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/Mvvm/MvvmView.zip.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Xamarin.Forms.1.2.2.6243/build/portable-win+net45+wp80+MonoAndroid10+MonoTouch10/Xamarin.Forms.targets.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Tests/AppleTestApp/GettingStarted.Xamarin.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (NET35).sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Assets/AlignmentGrid.png.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Web/Web.Release.config.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (WP71)/Properties/AppManifest.xml.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VWDx10/MvvmLight.VWDx10.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPA81/StoreLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP8/LocalizedStrings.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (SL).csproj.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/de-DE/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/content/Toolkit.Content/ApplicationBar.Add.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WP81/WMAppManifest.xml.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL4/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF4/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (NET35)/ViewModel/TestViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/WPF/MvvmLight.WPF4/Resources.resx.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.WinPhone/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/Mvvm.SL/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.SL5/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/.hgignore.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WPF451/Mvvm.WPF451.vstemplate.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/wp8/id-ID/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/App.xaml.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP8)/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (WP8).csproj.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.WPF4/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.sln.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/Microsoft.Net.Http.2.2.28/lib/net45/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightSL/ViewModelLocator.cs.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test/Threading/TestDispatcherHelper.cs.i
data/Installer/StandardVSIX/MvvmLight.VS2012/Resources/Package.ico.i
data/Samples/CleanShutdown/CleanShutdown/Messaging/Notifications.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.WP8/FlipCycleTileSmall.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Mvvm.WP71/MainPage.xaml.i
data/V3/InstallItems/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Templates.V3/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/MvvmViewModelLocator.WP7.zip.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/WindowsPhone/View.WP8/View.WP8.vstemplate.i
data/V3/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (SL3)/Command/CommandToButtonsMap.cs.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Samples/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource/ObservableTableAndCollectionViewSource.csproj.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/MvvmViewModelLocator.Win8/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/Samples/Navigation/packages/MvvmLightLibs.5.1.1.0/lib/wp8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/Win8/MvvmLight.Win8/App.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ItemTemplates/Win8/Vm.Win8/MvvmLight.png.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationIosStoryboard/Info.plist.i
data/NuGet/V4Full/lib/netcore45/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.dll.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Helpers/InternalTestClassGeneric.cs.i
data/NewStructure/GalaSoft.MvvmLight (PCL)/Helpers/DesignerPlatformLibrary.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013/Mvvm.WPF35/MvvmLight.png.i
data/NewStructure/Tests/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Test (PNET45)/Messaging/TestMessageImpl.cs.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/ViewModel/ViewModelLocatorTemplate.cs.i
data/NewStructure/TestViews/PCL/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.TestView (PWP81)/Assets/StoreLogo.scale-240.png.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2015/Mvvm.WP81/MainPage.xaml.cs.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2012/Mvvm.Droid/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/Samples/Flowers/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms/Flowers.Forms.iOS/Resources/Icon-72@2x.png.i
data/ItemTemplates/ItemTemplates (SL)/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Navigation/NavigationWinStore/Assets/SplashScreen.scale-100.png.i
data/ProjectForTemplates/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ProjectForTemplates.Win8/ViewModel/MainViewModel.cs.i
data/V3/Templates/ProjectTemplates/CSharp/MvvmLightWPF/MvvmLight.ico.i
data/Samples/Flowers/packages/WPtoolkit.4.2013.08.16/lib/sl4-windowsphone71/pl-PL/Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.AndroidSupport/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.AndroidSupport.csproj.i
data/Templates/ItemTemplates/WPF/MvvmViewModelLocator.WPF/MvvmLight.png.i
data/GalaSoft.MvvmLight/Win8RP/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8/GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.csproj.i
data/Templates/ProjectTemplates/Silverlight/MvvmLight.SL5/App.xaml.i
data/Templates/CSharp/ProjectTemplates/VS2013WpfExpress/Mvvm.WPF/App.xaml.cs.i
